Hey, good morning family. How are
you all
doing today? I’m going to talk to
you about the angelic visitations
I’ve
had.
had several angelic visitations over the years and
the Lord has been amazing;
I’ve
seen some really cool stuff.
This time, we were just
praying. It was a normal night
in the same house
and
everything was the same.
We were praying and went
to bed, and all of a sudden my wife and I
were
woken up out of our sleep. It
was early in the morning and
the whole house shook. It sounded like
the whole roof was going to
come off our house and my wife said,
'Oh, did you hear that?'She woke me
and I said, 'Yes, I heard it. It woke me
up, too. I think
somebody’s
trying to break into our
house,'and
I said, 'Let me go
check.'I
grabbed my pistol and went
to
check our home to make sure that
nobody was
there.
All of a sudden, I looked out
while
standing by the door. I
stood
up and my eyes were
opened
to the spirit realm.
I
saw
four demons. They were four demonic
spirits covered with scales,
with
nasty-looking
hair growing out of them and
warts. Their eyes were
slanted and red.
One had
a pig-looking
nose with tusks coming up. The other
was completely black;
there was no shape to it. It looked kind
of like
a ghost, but it was just a black,
misty-looking
thing. The
others were
different shapes.
I’m
not going to give
any more glory to it, but every single
one of them was there,
trying to get into the house.
They shook the roof
of
the house in the natural, and like
I said, it startled both of us and woke
us up, but they couldn't get
in. The Lord didn't show me this at the
time, but I saw them grunting and hissing,
carrying on while
passing
by on the street. I didn't
understand why they couldn't come past.
All of a sudden, I
saw massive,
humongous angels chained
together. Their arms were
linked
together, like
when
you cross your arms with
someone
else;
that’s
how they
were standing.
They were standing strong, and the
demonic spirits
were hitting against those angelic
beings,
but
they couldn't get past them. Every
night before we go to bed, we put
chain-linked
angels all around our house
and commission them. We thank you,
Lord, that the angels are surrounding
our house, that no devil in hell can come
across the bloodline
or
the angels. The angels are
protecting us as we
sleep, just like we prayed.
It took me
aback
so much that I yelled when I saw
this, 'Praise God! Wow! Praise the
Lord!'I
saw the angels
protecting us, and whenever they heard
me praising the Lord, they
all looked over, turned their
bodies, and started looking at me,
saying,
'Praise the
Lord!'They
started worshiping the Lord with me.
I turned around and said,
'Whoa!'because
it took me aback because it
was so loud. Their voices were so loud
it sounded like sirens, like
trumpets, like a blast. 'Praise the Lord!'They
didn't
say
it
individually;
they said it together. They said,
'Praise the Lord,'and when they did, it
echoed throughout the area. You
could hear it in the spirit realm; it was
so loud you
would have
to hold your ears.
They started
praising the Lord with me. Every
time they
worshiped,
they
turned to see what I was doing
and as
I praised the Lord, they started
praising the Lord too. It became a
chain and we just started praising the
Lord. At that time, I saw the glory
coming from the heavens
through a portal,
and I could see shafts of light coming
through that portal,
making those angels glow. They
started glowing with a heavenly glory
even brighter as they praised the
Lord. Those shafts of light
were
coming out of the
heavens and making them
stronger—it
was like it was giving them 'super
juice.'They
were praising
the Lord with me and getting
shinier.
I had completely forgotten about the
demonic spirits because
I was caught up in the glory of
worshiping the angels at the same time.
Every time I said, 'Thank
you, Jesus,'they would say, 'Thank you,
Jesus.'This
went on for quite some
time.
I was taken aback by what I was
seeing in the spirit realm;
it really was
amazing. After all this happened, I saw
the glory come down. It was
around 4
or 5 in the morning
now, and I had
to go to work the next day by
eight.
I went and laid down a little bit
and dozed off, but it was
hard to
get more rest. I got
to work the next day at the church
for
an all-staff meeting and the
pastor, Pastor Mark, saw
me sitting in the front.
I told him, 'I want to tell
you what happened last night.'He
said,
'Brandon, I don't doubt it at
all. As you were talking,
you were shining. I can see
the glory shining on you.'There
was
actually a presence of the Lord
on me from
the visitation the night before,
making me shine a little bit.
Pastor Mark could see
the glory on me.
It’s
just amazing.
That’s
how you know I
live by faith. I
expect angelic visitations and
manifestations of the glory in my house.
I expect God to do the impossible and I
receive it.
Let me tell you another
one. There have been times when
I’ve gone
through a shady
part of town and felt nervous.
One time, I
went
to the gas station
late at
night—or
it
seemed
late
because it was winter and the sun goes down so early.
I was nervous to get out
of the car because of where I was and
thought,
'Okay, here we
go.'I
went out there, and all of a
sudden—because
God loves you all
and
is compassionate—He opened
my eyes
for my comfort.
He said, 'Look
over, son.'I looked to
my left, and there was a
massive angel standing there
watching over me as I was pumping gas.
The angel was at
attention. He had muscles upon muscles.
He made Arnold Schwarzenegger look like
a little weenie, like a little wimpy baby
guy, or even some
big bodybuilder, Mr. Universe. Olympics,
like some guy that's ripped and
has
been eating
nothing but protein, but this
angel had muscle upon muscle and he was
standing there decked out with this garb
on, it looked like some kind
of armor, and he was looking out at
attention, watching over
me. And when I saw that, it took me
back. It took my breath and I went,
"Whoa."Because
it's one of
those things that shows God cares. God cares.
And it blessed me so as
he was watching out for me. It just
shows that we have angels that keep
charge over us and they bear us up in
their hands lest we dash our foot
against a stone. He promised us in
Psalm
91 that he would do this. He
promised us that he would take care of
us. Do you believe it? Do you believe
it? That Jesus is still the same
yesterday, today, and forever. And what
he would do for the people in the Bible,
he'll do for you. He'll protect you. Let
me tell you another one.
I was working at the
church and I told you all about the
healings whenever I'd led prayer and
the angels bringing in hearts for
people that needed hearts. For
whatever reason, it was another heart
testimony and I was just
vacuuming
the floor and I'm seeing over in
this realm of the spirits when this
happens. But this time the angel
touched me and I literally thought I was
going to come up out of my skin whenever he
did it because I felt it on my shoulder and
I was the only one in the room vacuuming
the church and I went,
"Whoa."You
get a little startled
because
the angel touched me like that and
I turned around and I'm
just seeing in the realm of spirit. It's
not a physical manifestation, nothing
like that; I'm looking in the realm
of the spirit, but he touched me in the
natural and he said, "I've come to give
Jim a
heart."He
goes, "You need to go and tell
Jim that I've brought him a
heart."He's
believing. He's been praying for a
heart. They're believing for a
miracle because Jim had a bad heart. And
he was one of the other janitors on
staff. And his blood pressure would drop
bad, really bad. And he would have to go
to the ER all the time. And it was very
serious, some of the stuff that was
happening with his heart.
So the angel brought this heart and I
could see in the spirit realm like I'm
seeing my son right now. I mean
it was that clear and the angel had a
heart in his hand just like
this—and,
you know what, I take that
back—it
was in both hands. He had it in there.
He brought it to
me and he said, "Go and tell Jim that I
brought the heart for him."So I said, "Wow,
okay, what an honor."So I walk
down the hall and I get all the way down
the hall and Jim was in room number two because
the
rooms weren't labeled at
this church, and he was in room
two or three and I was cleaning on the
back side of room 24. Not that that
matters but I'm just telling you
for the sake of the story. So I walked
down the hall and I went in there and
the angel went in there and I told Jim,
"Jim, there's an
angel of the Lord here and he has
brought you a heart. Do you
want to receive it? I'm going to pray for
you and you're going to receive this
heart."He
said, "Man, you ain't seeing
nothing, dude. Whatever. Like, you're
crazy. Get out of here, man."He
was
totally
pooh-poohing
me. Like, "You're a
weirdo. Get out of here."And I was
like, "No, really. I really
see an angelic being. He wants to
bring you a heart. He's brought you a heart.
Do you want the heart?"He goes, "Dude,
get out of here. Stop bothering me.
That's
weird."I
just looked at him and I went, "Okay,
fine."I
was offended a little
bit, like, "Whatever,
dude."I'm
telling you,
there's an angel here that wants to give
you a heart. Do you want the heart or
not? And I told the angel, I said, "He
doesn't
want the heart. You hear what he
just said?"And I said,
"I'm out of here."And I walked away. And
there's the angelic visitation. So, I go
back and I get the vacuum cleaner again.
And I'm just vacuuming the floors. And
the angel of the Lord taps me on the
shoulder again. He said, "Go one more
time and ask Jim if he wants this
heart."I
said, "You heard what he said.
He said he doesn't believe me."And he
made fun of me. I don't know
what to do. He said, "Just go ask him
one more time."I said, "Okay."So, I
went down there and I said,
"Jim, I'm coming because the
angel asked me to ask you one more time.
Do you want this heart?"He said, "You
really do see something, don't you? You
do? Like, Brandon, you really do? Like,
really?"And
I said, "Yeah,
I'm telling you."He was standing
right there. I told him I could describe what
he looked like. He goes, "Well, yeah. I
need healing."And I went over
and I said, "In the name of Jesus, I
command you to be healed of this heart
condition."And
I watched that angel, I
kid you not, drop that heart inside of
Jim's
chest. And I just said, "I believe you
received it, brother."The angel
disappeared and was gone
instantaneously. Within, I don't know,
24—whatever,
he started getting better.
His heart started
getting better. Now, like I said, I
don't know where Jim's at now. I
haven't kept in contact with
these people, but I'm telling you at
that moment, I believe Jim got a new
heart and his flesh started getting
better.
Now, Jim got caught up in drugs and
alcohol and things like that and he
backslid really, really hard. But
I don't know, like I said, I
don't know where these people are, but
I'm telling you at that moment, I
believe with all my heart Jesus Christ
gave Jim a heart and the
angel brought it. So, I wanted to
encourage you all about that one. But,
like I said,
I have so many of these
visitations and
manifestations and demonstrations of the
glory. I've told you all about
my truck. My truck's
supernaturally getting pushed down the
highway for two and a half miles from
where I live all the way to a gas
station off of one of the
roads. I won't tell you
because
it doesn't matter what
street it was, but we were pushed by an
angel. And if you go back and look at
that, we ran out of gas. The
gas gauge was out on my truck.
I forgot that I
had not put gas in there where we drove
to work—it was a long drive.
My wife was pregnant with
my daughter at the time and my other
two were in the back and it was hot,
probably about 97 degrees outside or
more. A hot summer day. It was in the
middle of July. And
my truck turns off in the middle
of the highway and I go over to the
side. I put my hazard lights on and I
told my wife,
"Baby, I'm
going to have to walk to the gas
station."And
she's big and pregnant.
And I'm thinking, "This is going to
be really, really
bad."And
I just start praying in the
spirit. We're all just praying in
the spirit. And lo and behold, we
have this massive boom. And I think
somebody has hit us, rear-ending us
from behind, and our whole truck jerked
and all of a sudden we started going
faster and faster
down the highway. I put my blinker on
and I'm riding in the shoulder and I
merge onto the
highway with the engine off. Whether you
want to believe this or not, it's the
truth. We're going down the highway. I'm
going 70 mph with the engine off,
passing people in the left-hand lane as
I'm going down the highway with the
truck
off. That angel's pushing us all the way
down through the—we exit off. We stop at
the stoplight. The angel pushes us
through the stoplight. Go all the way
down to another stop sign and turn right.
It
pushes us through it, and then, yank, we
get to the gas station, and it yanks the
tailgate
of our truck and stops us
right in front of the pump. We all
started screaming and praising the Lord
because it was so supernatural what the
Lord had just done right then. The other
people at the other pumps were looking
at us like, "What is going on with
these people?"because we were
just screaming; it was
just one of those moments
where
you're just shaking because
what's happening in the natural is
coming from the supernatural and God is
coming through for you again. We
got
pushed all the way to the gas station.
I've told this story
before, but it's worth telling again
because it's all God and He's worthy to
be praised. He's been faithful to me,
and I've got to give Him
the praise for it again. Then I
told you all about the hospital where my
wife had no pain. The angel
came in and laid hands on my wife
during our first pregnancy. We were
believing for a supernatural childbirth
and
no pain
through childbirth. My wife was
in labor with our daughter, Megan,
at the time. The angel came in
and laid his hands on her stomach, and
up until my wife was almost
completely through delivery, she felt
nothing. She felt
contractions—her
body was
contracting—but
she had no pain at all.
Even the doctor and the
people coming in—we had
family
trying to visit,
and
people go, "Why
would you have people come
up?"We
learned our lesson. Family
would
try to come up and say,
"That's impossible. They say you
can't do that."All of a sudden, that
angel took his hand. There was so much
doubt and unbelief in the room. I've
told you that.
You get shaken by people speaking
negatively
around you about what God's
doing. Even the doctors were saying
that's impossible.
The nurses, they all look at you like
you're wild. They don't understand
how my wife was not
having any pain during childbirth, but
God was doing something supernatural.
This was very
vital—it's
very important that you
learn from this. Do not let negativity
into
your hospital room when you
are believing for a miracle because it's
a robber of your faith. You
hear doubt and unbelief, and just
like faith cometh by hearing and hearing
by the Word of God, doubt comes by
hearing fear.
When Jesus was
raising the little girl up from the
dead, He made all the other people
leave the room that didn't have faith. He
got them
out of the
house. There's a reason for that:
because it robs faith. Doubt and
unbelief rob you of what you're
believing for. Sometimes you've got
to get people out of your
room. Don't let
doubt out of your mouth, and don't let
people in your room because they speak
doubt out of their
mouths.
If Jesus were
physically
on the earth
today doing miracles
through us,
would He tell you to leave the
room? Would He tell you that
you
don't have faith? "Get out of
here."That's
what I'm trying to tell you all.
You've got to be like a
bulldog on a bone. You've got to
believe God for your miracle and not let
the devil come in through doubt and
unbelief and rob you of your greatest
victories. He comes in
through doubt and unbelief
every single time.
These testimonies I'm telling you
are meant
to stir you up.
The reason why I'm telling you all this
is the Lord told me that it's time for
His body to start commissioning their
angels, saying, "Father, I thank You
that the angels are watching over me
today. They will bear me up in their
hands, lest I dash my foot against the stone,"through
Psalm
91. I thank You
that angels are watching me from the
north, the south, the east, and the west.
I always call in for
prosperity. Father, I thank You that the
angels are going from the north, the
south, the east, and the west, bringing
finances to me and giving me
favor. We have favor in the name of
Jesus. Thank You for Your angels.
Keep Your angels busy. People
say, "Well, you don't have authority
over angels."The same Jesus Christ that
had authority
over the angels
dwells on
the inside of you. Do you understand
that? The same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus
Christ from the dead
dwells on the inside of you. So
if He is dwelling in you and you're
seated with Him in the heavenlies, far
above all principalities and powers and
might, you have it inside of you to do
what He did. The Bible says, "Be ye
imitators of God as dear children
imitate their
father."If
we're supposed to act like
Him and imitate
Him, He's able to do it. As He is, so
are you in this world.
It's not rocket
science.
If
we are as He is and we are supposed to
imitate Him, we have commissioning power to
commission our
angels just as He has
done. We
are seated with Him in the heavenlies
just like Ephesians talks about. You all
need to read Ephesians. You need to read
who you are in Christ, that we're
supposed to
be just as He is. That's why I'm
trying to tell you all to do that with your
angels. It works. I've
practiced this and it works. I'm
doing what the Word says I can do. I can
have what the Word says I can have. And
I'm telling you all, you can, too. He's
no respecter of persons. I made that
as simple as I could because we have
some people that are real religious and
they're kind of thick when it comes to
the supernatural. I try not to
be mean, but
don't
let the comment section tell
you,
"You don't have power
and authority over
angels."No,
I'm an imitator of God.
I'm a joint-heir of Jesus Christ. I can do
what Jesus says I can do. I can do what
the Bible says I can do. I can have what
it says I can have. And I'm telling you,
you can, too. He's no respecter of
persons. I just want to encourage you
all
today. Be active with your angels.
They're here to help you. They're
ministering spirits sent to help you.
God bless you
all. Let me encourage you with some
prayer today. Father, I thank You
right now in the name of Jesus
for every single person who
is
represented here. We call them healed
and whole and well. We thank You for
Your angelic beings, Your angels.
They're sent forth to minister to the
heirs of salvation. I thank You, Father,
that they're here to protect us and
shield
us from any calamity. I
thank You, Father, for Your angels that
protect us and watch over us and
bear us up. I thank You, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us will prosper
today. I thank You that we're in the end
times and we commission prosperity
angels to go and get our money in the
name of Jesus from the north, the south,
the east, and the west. I thank You that
You're causing favor to come forth,
binding every devil that tries
to hinder, harm, or hurt us in any way.
I thank you that you see what we may not.
You have your swords and shields
drawn and you're watching over us.
You're watching over my wife and my
children today and watching over me.
That, there is no evil
satanic agenda that will come nigh us or
hurt us or harm us in any way in
Jesus'name.
And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for it
because of you, Jesus. You paid the
price for us. Amen and amen. He's
faithful. And so, I just want to say
thank you for watching this video. If
you could like and subscribe. If you
haven't subscribed, click that
notification bell. It helps with the
algorithm. We just want to say thank you
all for all your kindness and the love,
gifts, and all of it. You're such a blessing
to us. And we just want to say thank
you. Bless you. Bless you. Bless you
coming in, going out, and
everything. Lord, you're a
true blessing to us. God bless you all.
He
will put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much
and we love you and we will see you all
next time. God bless you all. Bye-bye.